dude wonder where Kyle is maybe he
caught a disease and died that'd be so
awesome that's not funny you shouldn't
joke about that whoa who's joking you
guys okay I've awesome news you have
AIDS no this salary for my birthday my
mom says she's taking me to Casa Bonita
in Denver and I can't fight three
friends wow cata bonita whoa what's Casa
Bonita dude have you ever been there
it's a big Mexican restaurant but they
have like cliff jumpers and black Bart's
cave and Al Qaeda's done it's like this
geeky lane of mexican restaurants this
saturday awesome catcha bonita bonita
food and fun in the festive atmosphere
company got push it i'm inviting you you
your mom said you could take three
friends yes three friends you're not my
friend yeah what about Kyle who the hell
are you gonna take besides Danny kitty
I'm gonna take putters he invited me to
his birthday party last month so I own
one butters we're gonna take that
butthole why because butters isn't a
total dick to me I have never been a
dick to you oh please all you ever do is
call me names rip on me for being Jewish
Kyle where have I ever ripped on you for
being a Jew oh yeah we are stupid you
did you just got you back good job to do
Chuck you you're doing dude he's Jewish
do you do you give you jew I told you
Jewish people don't have rhythm okay
except maybe for that one time you've
always been a kick to me Carmen and I'm
not inviting you Kyle you don't
understand Casa Bonita is my most
favorite place in the whole world I just
I just die if you don't take me please
sorry my mind's made up oh good job I
don't want to go to your faggy birthday
party anyway I better hang out at home
and have to be around you and your jumma
great day kiss my dog's asshole did I
totally didn't mean that half I really
really want to go to cats bonita I'm
sorry we had that fat just now you know
I mean I said some things you said some
things but I think we could move we've
moved past it I'm not inviting you to
Casa Bonita jewcal I hope you die I hope
you ok die